what's up guys it feel from the droid
people calm here with a review of a
widget called pure called pure calendar
widget it is in the market I'm not
exactly positive on how much it costs
all the things will be annotated anyways
I can see this is a simple widget and
you can add it in various different
sizes so if you go into your widgets
then if I go scope have set go to the p
I just use a pure calendar it has
various different sizes ranging from 2
by 2 all the way up to four by four so i
know i have 4 by 2 on these features
open it before by two actually I do not
it's going to ask you to invest all your
settings this is just your update
setting to all that good stuff go to go
on her team I do not have enough room
I'm week that by one said okay and I
just you there yeah the calendar I kind
of morphed it around but it is
scrollable if you're using ADW or
launcherpro so i'd recommend you use
that you can hit plus chatting you event
as you see it says out event with stock
google calendar yes and i'm actually
going to go into this one to show you
everything so you can it plus i guess
you right there behind the wednesday
couple one in this office shoes sedate
it is by the way guys this little theme
i got going here is a all part of an
interactive video i'm working on for a
interactive how to get a sunstein for
droid x like a sense for you to all the
government anyway see it is a scrollable
I'm nothing more to scroll long but I
you getting for all your calendars so
you can just hit the Refresh if you want
to refresh pleasured make a test
so if I hit the little plus i'm making
it under my my test for gino even name
them name it tests and you're required
to make it with you sigh just write me
scroll you can choose the time and date
but I tend to just ready all day then
where I'll just say testing in
description this is a test by the way
this is the swype 2.2 keyboard this is
available with the froyo version of the
droid x you get out a reminder I don't
like to do that reputation does not
repeat I can change that along this is
just stock character so if I hit save
then we go back and it's not there so if
I hit notes settings if I go in I hit
refresh as you see test is in there
along with finish interactive video um
go to skate park finishing rocks and
video school starts i'm just showing
this because i think a calendar keeping
a lot more organized at school I don't
like using the agenda stuff they give
you so calendars are my oh yeah presence
and so that's called pure calendar
widget in the market down for the link
will be built below and look out for
that interactive video coming soon i
will see you guys next time peace by the
way guys for the next week week or so i
might be dimming down video is just a
bit just so I find out on what classes
as to look out for all that stuff I'm
going to be a sophomore in high school
so I guess that'll be harder than
freshman year yeah alright so hopefully
my videos can stay as regular as they
are peace